# Amazon-Competitor-Database
A database satisfying business needs for logistics industry

The Amazon Competitor Database is created keeping in mind the functionality of Amazon and its day to day operations. The database contains various tables and there is a very complex relationship among them.

The purpose of this database is to bring a model for an Amazon competitor by bringing into design all the important aspects that a company like Amazon would need. The database contains critical information of a particular company’s data and the data can be used in a number of ways as per the need of the company. This database is implemented in Azure Data Studio. This relational database that has been implemented provides more than enough relationship and tables to store relevant information for the company’s growth and survival. The database takes care of the Order Management, Shipping, Warehousing and Stocking information along with the Customer and Product information.

However, the database is designed in a way that it is just not limited to the tables provided in here and can be upgraded to include more features. This is due to the ease of adding the referential integrity of SQL.The tables are created and the sample entries are already added to the tables for the better understanding of the structure. In addition to that, store procedures, functions, triggers, column constraints while making the tables and making different views are created and implemented on this database. Certain security features are also added to the database. This database is all set to serve a company which is inline the operations of Amazon.
